Privacy Policy for LEBASIVPN

English
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 1, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you use the service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the service. By using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Template.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Account means a unique account created for you to access our service or parts of our service.

Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

Application means the software program provided by the company downloaded by you on any electronic device, named LEABASI VPN

Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to LEBASI VPN.

When you access the service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device.

Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.

For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.

To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.

To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: maisabelbernal577@gmail.com
